Support all the 0.2 Ferris variants (#12653)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/ferris/0_2/readme.md

# Ferris 0.2

![Ferris 0.2 family](https://i.imgur.com/SDVOlyZ.jpg)

> An stm32f072 based split 34 keys column staggered keyboard named and decorated after the rustlang mascott. All PCB files and some thoughts on the design are available on the [project's github page](https://github.com/pierrechevalier83/ferris)

Reviewer: Some wordsmithing.

```suggestion
An STM32F072-based split 34-key column-staggered keyboard named and decorated after the Rust mascot. All PCB files and some thoughts on the design are available on the [project's github page](https://github.com/pierrechevalier83/ferris).
```
